-Ever-Living God!
-Righteous God!
Even the iron could not stand
reciting of God and gave in.
Wait a bit!
Take a look at this one.
Magnificent! I pity the enemy
whose final breath will be taken by this sword.
In the hands of a valiant like you...
...let it be the sound of the oppressed,
wrath to the tyrants, if God permits.
There’s no sword other than Zulfiqar
and no valiant other than His Holiness Ali.
I’m ready to sacrifice myself for God, who gave you to us.
For the love of God
in the name of my forefather Oguz, I’ll gird it with honor.
Reach me your hands.
What is the matter?
Your tumblers are restless again.
We are going hunting.
They are getting ready.
Are there any animals left to hunt in this famine?
You are right but...
...hunting keeps the Alps fit.
It is better if we find a way to keep
the tribe alive as well.
That can only be decided at the headquarters tomorrow.
If we don’t migrate from this highland
before winter, we would be doomed.
But if you say that you know a solution
tell us as well.
My brother Gundogdu knows these matters better than me.
If you wish, talk to him.
No way!
No, he never breathes a single word about.
Is this what you bought for 40 coins?
This is called a map.
What is it used for?
Look
we are here.
Right at where these mountains are.
This is Aleppo.
This is Baghdad.
And this is Damascus.
And this is
Konya, where the Sultan’s palace is.
Let go of the palaces
of the sultans and khans and...
...tell us where the tribe should
migrate to, Gundogdu.
The elders are having a blonde moment.
Your father is quiet.
He is sitting in his tent
just like a groomed owl.
Where is this place?
Everyone will learn tomorrow at headquarters.
You found a place, right?
Please tell me, where is it?
Ha?
Ertugrul!
Where are you going?
I am going hunting, brother.
This is not the time to go hunting. We have headquarters tomorrow.
Let the headquarter be yours, and the hunt mine brother.
Ok
Alright. But don’t go too far. Go quickly, come back quickly.
What are you doing with that dried beef?
We are going hunting, did you forget?
We won’t let you starve during a hunt, don’t you worry.
How can you call a valiant as valiant if
he starves while he is hunting, Turgut?
This is just for the road.
It is impossible to relieve your hunger.
Come on, Alps.
Your man is going.
Ya Allah!
-Ha ha!
Ah!
Guard duty
is your pride!
Guard duty is your honor!
If you betray your pride and honor
your death will not come from the enemy
but from me!
Ya! Ya!
Ya!
You have honored us, Ustad-i Azam.
That honor belongs to us.
Elanora.
Commander Titus.
I hope your journey was fine.
Is everything alright, Titus?
We are safer than ever, sir.
Your chambers are ready, sir.
Would you like
to rest before lunch?
Elanora may rest.
We have work to do.
As you wish.
With your permission.
What is the latest development about the prisoners?
I gave that duty to my brother Bisol.
They will hand over Numan and his family
to Kara Toygar.
For the others, I waited for you.
Good.
Where are they taking us, father?
To our palace, son.
We will be free there, right?
Until eternity, son.
Until eternity.
So out fate was to return to Konya like this.
To the palace we were born in and
grew up, to be killed by our uncle.
I won’t let anyone harm you or
your brother, my daughter.
Hah!
Ya!
This way Kara Toygar will be
dependent on us more than ever.
It is very important for him to win
the favor of Sultan Aladdin.
Kara Toygar's senior role
in the Seljukian Palace will relieve us.
Kara Toygar Caravansary
-We did everything as you ordered, commander.
-Alright!
Exciseman!
Are the Turkmen tribes
paying their taxes?
We can’t control them, commander.
They are always on the move.
-Which one is the biggest tribe?
-Kayi tribe, commander.
They ran away from the Mongol invasion.
-Who is their leader?
-Suleyman Shah.
-How many tents?
-2000 tents.
But they are well respected.
-Do they pay their taxes?
-They do, commander.
Good.
Then, they shall pay their taxes
earlier this year.
But, commander...
You heard what I said.
How will this state remain standing?
-Inform all the tribes in the region immediately.
-Yes, commander.
Where are those Templars?
Halt!
Let us rest a bit here.
Check the surroundings.
We need to weaken the Seljuks
before the crusade.
You should put more men
in the Seljuk Palace, Titus.
You can be sure that we will invade the palace...
There is a group in the Papacy,
who are reluctant about the crusade.
I am not surprised.
We need to make a plan that will mobilize
the whole of Europe.
We need to do this.
The Christian world should unite
and act for Jerusalem.
For this, we need to provoke the Muslims
and make them attack us.
I have some very valuable prisoners.
We can start with them.
Ih!
Ah!
Calm down, son.
Yigit.
Bisol...
...you can go to hell.
Take us to our destination quickly.
So you are very keen to die.
I pity for your beautiful daughter and your little Shahzada.
Hıh.
We don’t need your pity.
If you had accepted to be allied with us,
you were to become the Seljuk Sultan...
...and everything was going to be fine.
You offered slavery
for the Pope.
We offered you peace...
...and a new world order.
We wanted to live side by side.
But...
...the Muslim blood will always be shed.
There is no escape from this.
We also ally
And we will shed your blood
with the Muslim allies we have.
You will not succeed.
We will see.
Ha.
...to all your men I had sent to hell...
...give them my regards.
The area is safe, commander.
Good. Water the horses.
These too.
Come on!
-Come on!
-Yeah!
Come on!
Oh God!
Hey!
You two, go and sit somewhere else.
I brought you water. Take it.
Take it.
Come on.
Ah! Ah!
No one is coming.
Key! Take the key.
Hungry.
Come on, my girl.
Quickly.
We are in luck.
The prisoners are running away!
-Quick, run!
-Get them!
-Come here!
-Escape!
-Run! Run!
Ah!
-Father!
-Are you alright?
-Quick, take your brother and get out of here.
-No way! No way!
Father! Father!
Halime!
Quick! Run away!
-Get out of here
-Father!
-Take your brother and get the hell out of here!
-Father.
Ah!
Come on, father! Get up! Come on!
So you tried to run away! You will pay for this.
Ah!
Father!
Please help us, God.
Here.
Ah!
Great God!
Aa aa!
Ya aa!
Ah!
-Father!
Father
stay with us, please!
Ah!
Aa aa!
Baba dayan tamam.
Ah!
Ah! Ah!
Aa aa!
Ah!
Ah! Ah!
It’s your lucky day, you had the Crusaders.
Stay with us. Be strong, father.
-Turgut Alp quick, bring some oak leaves.
-Yes sir.
If we are successful, all the borders
in the region will change.
For the salvation of Jerusalem
we should not refrain from
spending our cult’s fortune.
We are ready to spend the whole treasury.
A new Jerusalem campaign
for young men
will be the easiest way to become rich.
To be a soldier
of the Crusader army
they will join the army.
The Catalans, the Venetians
the Marseilleans...
...they all will long to join to this carnival.
Well...
What about the spoilt princes of Europe?
How will we trust them?
It won’t be difficult while the Muslims are busy...
...fighting each other, Titus.
What about the Seljuks, sir?
Anatolia.
They are at the peak of their power
with Sultan Aladdin.
The day we can set Turks against
Saladin Ayyubi's grandsons...
The day they fight each other
...we will be victorious.
Jerusalem will be ours.
Ah!
Father, please be strong.
Ah! Ah!
OK. It ends, father.
OK
We have to be on our way as soon as possible.
You can go.
We can look after ourselves.
It will get dark soon.
The jackals would have already smelled the blood.
Bamsi Beyrek, Dogan
bring the horses.
It is easy to fend off a Crusader brigade.
What about this?
Ertugrul is lost now.
God always helps those who get lost.
He is lost real bad now.
Come on.
So, what are you doing all alone?
I said we won’t go.
We owe you a life.
We will pay our debt one day.
Tell us your name.
Ertugrul from Kayi tribe.
As you wish.
May God be with you. I wish you good luck.
We should go
with them.
Is your tribe far?
Even our money for bad days is finished,
Brother Afsin.
We can set shop here.
If we see that they are not interested,
we can go on.
-Peace be upon you.
-And peace be upon you.
Welcome.
Welcome, Gazanfar Aga.
You bring joy to Kayi tribe.
Kurdoglu, my brother.
You always look very healthy, thanks to God.
Would these moorlands keep a man healthy,
-for us to be healthy, Gazanfar?
-No, don’t say that.
You look very well.
Where is your caravan?
The caravan is near the black rock.
I came to ask permission from Suleyman Shah
to set up a stall
in the market.
How is business?
We thank God for what he gives.
I wanted to come to Kayi to supply whatever they need
before the journey.
Thank you, Gazanfar.
I hope you meet your expectations, if God permits.
Thank you.
If Suleyman Shah is available,
I would like to meet him.
Tell our Bey that
Gazanfar Aga is here.
How much is this?
He cannot speak, my Bey. Let me help you.
80 coins.
You look familiar to me.
This is my first time in your tribe, my Bey.
You probably took me for someone else.
Peace be upon you, Suleyman Shah.
And peace be upon you, trader.
Welcome.
You bring joy to us. Come and sit.
Suleyman Bey
I’m so pleased to see you again Suleyman Shah.
how happy they are sir.
Please accept my presents sir.
I brought them
from Constantinople for you.
You did not have to bother.
Kurdoglu
give these to those in need.
As you wish, my Bey.
Well?
Tell us now. What did those eyes see in
other parts of the world?
I wish I were deaf so that I hadn’t heard what I heard.
I wish I were blind so that I hadn’t seen what I saw, my Bey.
What happened?
Sultan Aladdin recovered Konya but...
...he worries that the fugitive Shahzadas
may give him trouble.
The Latins ransacked Constantinople.
All Orthodox people left the city.
There is no order, no peace...
...and with the famine now,
everyone is desperate.
We heard that the leftovers from
the Crusaders were getting restless.
It is obvious that they are up to something once again.
Well...
...how are the common people?
They will be on the road again
to find something to eat.
The rumor is that the Pope is calling for
a new crusade to the European princes.
It is said to have called for, sir.
And we Muslims fight
against each other.
Sowing discord between us,
fueling the disorder as much as possible.
From Anatolia to Basra, everywhere is on fire.
This fire will catch us as well, my Bey.
Please don’t say fire, it upsets me, my Bey.
I came to seek permission to sell
my goods in your tribe.
You have our permission.
Thank you.
Kara Toygar
has come to the region
to control the Turkmen tribes.
So, we have difficult days ahead.
And this girl is from Venetia. Rosalina, she has noble blood.
A white skin, green eyes.
A rare find, commander.
And she is very cheap as well.
I am in urgent need of money.
This is a very good opportunity
for you and me.
What do you say to this, commander?
They kidnapped her from the Greek Islands.
She screams beauty
and freshness.
She is a wild mare.
I tamed her myself
for a master with good taste.
What about that blond one?
I must say that you have good taste.
I bought her from the Crusader discards.
They brought her in with a ship. She is Serbian
-She knows how to treat a man.
-Enough.
Come here.
You don’t need to be afraid of me.
I am your master now.
You chose the most expensive one, commander.
But she is worth it.
Sir?
What happened?
The Crusaders.
They were ambushed.
Didn’t you save them?
We were too late.
So you were late.
Ah!
Akcakoca, we have a wounded man.
Bamsi
take him in.
-What happened, Turgut?
-Nothing to worry about.
You are alright, yes?
We all are, thank God.
Ertugrul...
...what happened, brother?
They were attacked, brother.
I will tell you later.
Look after them, Hamza.
As you wish, my Bey.
Who are they, Gundogdu?
I don’t know. He will tell us later.
We will find out soon.
Sister,
what is happening? Who are they?
We will find out soon.
We will see.
The sword hit him right below the rib.
Fortunately, the oak leaves
stopped the bleeding
otherwise, we would have lost him.
Midwife
-bring hot water.
-At once, Akcakoca.
The leg is bad as well.
But we should deal with the wound first.
Akcakoca can take it from here.
Let us wait outside.
-We cannot leave our father alone, sister.
-Don’t worry.
Your father is in good hands.
Thank you very much. You are God sent.
-We brought trouble to you.
-Don’t say that.
You had more breaths to take,
more bites to eat.
Where were the Crusaders taking you?
I don’t know. They didn’t say.
I guess they were going to sell us in
the slave market. My father is a trader.
We were captured in the Mediterranean.
Your father must be a good trader.
Having so many Crusaders taking you.
Yes.
We were rich.
But we don’t have anything left now.
Well...
...which tribe is this?
You are in Kayi tribe.
I am the son of
the tribe Bey, Suleyman Shah.
We owe you three lives.
-Do you want to be freed from slavery?
-Yes.
-Then, kill this man.
-No!
I will buy you and then free you.
Commander, you are furious.
First calm down...
Shut your mouth.
Don’t let me kill you as well.
Sir, please spare me for my children.
You are good for nothing.
Do it!
-I can’t.
-I said do it!
I’m freeing you!
A slave that can kill someone
to be free...
...can kill her master one day as well.
Get ready, we are going!